>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we're gonna start
off with a quick recap on where we are in
our investigation so far.
Really, we've just gotten started, but
we've learned that things
aren't always as they seem.
What was an example of things being
a little bit different than we expected?
>> Speaker 2: A raise in objects?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
a raise in objects, that was a big one.
Anything else that comes to mind?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No,
that's the one I was asking for.
Cool, so our detective team,
we're here working together,
we have a lot of skills and
working with and manipulating data, and
we're just getting better and
better by the minute really.
And, our team of elves,
who are secretly helping us out,
were really hard at work last night.
And Justin,
we have some data that they scraped
from some video footage
at the mansion where Mr.
Body, is thought to have been murdered.
And we have this object of dat,
luckily our data scrapers
are also JavaScript programmers.
We only associate with people
who program in JavaScript, so
we choose our team wisely.
So we have this data to get us started.
And now let's just kick
off with a quick exercise,
where we're gonna filter through
this data, and we wanna figure out
who was present in this video footage,
at the mansion the night of the murder.
So what is filter?
Has anyone used filter before
in underscore or low dash?
A couple of people.
So, filter is a function that
takes an array in a callback.
And it is going to return a new array,
this is similar to map,
its going to return a new
array that will contain,
this is the important part of
filters that it will only contain
the values that return
true from the callback.
So the callback has to return a boolean,
either true or false.
If that callback returns true,
then we're going to save it to the array.
If not, we won't.
So, with map, when we loop through
all of the items in our list,
we returned an array that was
at the same length, right?
Every time.
With filter that's not always true, filter
can be shorter than the original array.
It really depends on our callback function
and if it's returning true or false.
We also call this particular kind
of callback function a truth test.
Yeah.